[No QA] Create Uber-for-Business.md (#69039)
Expensify/App: docs/articles/new-expensify/connections/Uber-for-Business.md

keywords: [New Expensify, Uber for Business, Uber integration, automate Uber receipts, connect Uber to Expensify, U4B, Uber Eats, Uber Rides, receipt automation]
---

<div id="new-expensify" markdown="1">

Connect your Expensify workspace to Uber for Business to automatically import Uber Rides and Uber Eats receipts for your team. This guide walks you through setup, employee management, and receipt import.

# Connect the Uber for Business Integration

## Step 1: Enable Receipt Partners in your Workspace
1. Go to **Workspaces > [Workspace Name] > More features**.
2. Toggle on **Receipt partners**.
3. Once enabled, a new **Receipt partners** section will appear in the left-hand menu.

## Step 2: Connect Uber for Business
1. Go to **Workspaces > [Workspace Name] > Receipt partners**
3. Click **Connect** next to Uber for Business.
4. Authorize or create your Uber for Business (U4B) account in the new browser tab that opens.
5. When complete, the tab will close, and a list of workspace members not yet invited to U4B will appear.

> 6. Confirm which workspace members should be invited to use the connection (they’ll all be selected by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Confirm which workspace members should be invited to U4B (they’ll all be selected by default).
```

I feel like this is clearer as to what happens.

Reviewer: Maybe also something about that then triggering an invite for them to accept from Uber?

If your connection fails or expires, a warning will appear under **Workspaces > Receipt partners > Uber for Business**. To resolve the error, click the three-dot menu and choose **Enter credentials** to reconnect.

# Manage the Uber for Business connection

## Manage invites

> When you first connect to Uber for Business, all workspace members will be invited by default. To manually invite members later:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually invite members to Uber for Business later:
```

This isn't true, as they can during making the connection choose not to invite some workspace members, right? Maybe we drop it?

Author: Ah, good call. I agree that the initial connection behavior is irrelevant here.
